Update crud-fields.md to include fake fields mutators (#428)
Laravel-Backpack/docs: 5.x/crud-fields.md

If the ```store_in``` attribute wasn't used, they would have been stored in the ```extras``` column.

> Mutators will be against the ```store_in``` attribute, for the default ```extras``` value you would need a mutator such as:
> ```php
> public function setExtrasAttribute($value)
> {
> 	// Your code
> }
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to perform any manipulation of the data before storing the fake fields, you should define a mutator for the column used to store the fake attributes, by default it's `extras`. It can be any other column you define in `store_in`. 
```php
// in YourModel.php
public function setExtrasAttribute($value)
{
	// Your code
}
```

```
